Update links to contribution guideline (#28869)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/community/roles_teams/index.md

To be a contributor, you must follow:

- [Mozilla's code of conduct](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

> - Contribution guidelines (check the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file in each repo).

Reviewer: While this is correct, maybe we can add an example here:

```suggestion
- Contribution guidelines (check the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file in each repository; for example, these are the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/mdn/content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for the `mdn/content` repository).
```

Author: Good to have some examples explained👍
